name,file,status,error_runtime_reason,log_line
test_all_tags_lowercase_in_fixtures,tests/api/test_all_tags_lowercase_in_fixtures.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_all_tags_lowercase_in_fixtures.py::test_all_tags_lowercase_in_fixtures PASSED [ 33%]
TestAPIAGateway,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py::TestAPIAGateway::test_root_endpoint PASSED [ 66%]
test_root_endpoint,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_root_endpoint in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
test_health_endpoint_no_services,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_health_endpoint_no_services in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
test_save_document_success,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_save_document_success in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
test_save_document_service_unavailable,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_save_document_service_unavailable in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
test_save_document_invalid_request,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_save_document_invalid_request in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
test_query_vectors_success,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_query_vectors_success in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
test_query_vectors_service_unavailable,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_query_vectors_service_unavailable in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
test_query_vectors_invalid_request,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_query_vectors_invalid_request in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
test_search_documents_success,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_documents_success in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
test_search_documents_service_unavailable,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_documents_service_unavailable in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
test_search_documents_with_vectors,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_documents_with_vectors in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
TestRateLimitingEdgeCases,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py::TestRateLimitingEdgeCases::test_rate_limit_boundary_conditions PASSED [100%]
test_pydantic_models_validation,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_pydantic_models_validation in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
test_api_a2a_integration_flow,tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_a2a_integration_flow in tests/api/test_api_a2a_gateway.py
test_rate_limit_boundary_conditions,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rate_limit_boundary_conditions in tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py
TestLargePayloadHandling,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py::TestLargePayloadHandling::test_large_document_content PASSED [ 66%]
test_concurrent_rate_limit_users,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_concurrent_rate_limit_users in tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py
test_large_document_content,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_large_document_content in tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py
test_large_metadata_objects,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_large_metadata_objects in tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py
TestConcurrentRequestHandling,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py::TestConcurrentRequestHandling::test_concurrent_token_creation PASSED [ 66%]
test_unicode_and_special_characters,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_unicode_and_special_characters in tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py
test_concurrent_token_creation,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_concurrent_token_creation in tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py
test_concurrent_token_validation,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_concurrent_token_validation in tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py
TestErrorHandlingEdgeCases,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py::TestErrorHandlingEdgeCases::test_memory_pressure_simulation PASSED [ 33%]
test_memory_pressure_simulation,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_memory_pressure_simulation in tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py
test_rapid_token_expiration,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rapid_token_expiration in tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py
test_malformed_input_handling,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_malformed_input_handling in tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py
TestJWTAuthentication,tests/api/test_authentication.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_authentication.py::TestJWTAuthentication::test_auth_manager_initialization PASSED [ 66%]
test_boundary_value_testing,tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_boundary_value_testing in tests/api/test_api_edge_cases.py
test_auth_manager_initialization,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_auth_manager_initialization in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_password_hashing_and_verification,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_password_hashing_and_verification in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_jwt_token_creation_and_validation,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_jwt_token_creation_and_validation in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_jwt_token_expiration,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_jwt_token_expiration in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_invalid_jwt_token,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_invalid_jwt_token in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_user_token_creation,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_user_token_creation in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_user_access_validation,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_user_access_validation in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_jwt_secret_from_secret_manager,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_jwt_secret_from_secret_manager in tests/api/test_authentication.py
TestUserManager,tests/api/test_authentication.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_authentication.py::TestUserManager::test_user_creation PASSED [100%]
test_malformed_token_handling,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_malformed_token_handling in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_token_without_required_fields,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_token_without_required_fields in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_user_creation,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_user_creation in tests/api/test_authentication.py
TestAuthenticationIntegration,tests/api/test_authentication.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_authentication.py::TestAuthenticationIntegration::test_authentication_flow_simulation PASSED [100%]
test_user_authentication,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_user_authentication in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_rate_limiting_simulation,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rate_limiting_simulation in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_authentication_flow_simulation,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_authentication_flow_simulation in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_bad_topk_value_raises,tests/api/test_bad_topk_value_raises.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_bad_topk_value_raises.py::test_bad_topk_value_raises PASSED [ 66%]
TestBatchPolicy,tests/api/test_batch_policy.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_batch_policy.py::TestBatchPolicy::test_batch_size_enforcement PASSED [100%]
test_token_refresh_simulation,tests/api/test_authentication.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_token_refresh_simulation in tests/api/test_authentication.py
test_batch_size_enforcement,tests/api/test_batch_policy.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_size_enforcement in tests/api/test_batch_policy.py
test_sleep_between_batches,tests/api/test_batch_policy.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_sleep_between_batches in tests/api/test_batch_policy.py
test_rate_limit_applied_per_document,tests/api/test_batch_policy.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rate_limit_applied_per_document in tests/api/test_batch_policy.py
test_batch_policy_with_failures,tests/api/test_batch_policy.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_policy_with_failures in tests/api/test_batch_policy.py
test_query_text_blank_spaces,tests/api/test_blank_query_text.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_blank_query_text.py::test_query_text_blank_spaces PASSED  [100%]
test_empty_documents_list,tests/api/test_batch_policy.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_empty_documents_list in tests/api/test_batch_policy.py
test_default_batch_configuration,tests/api/test_batch_policy.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_default_batch_configuration in tests/api/test_batch_policy.py
test_bulk_upload_valid,tests/api/test_bulk_upload.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_bulk_upload.py::test_bulk_upload_valid PASSED             [ 33%]
test_bulk_upload_empty_collection,tests/api/test_bulk_upload.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_bulk_upload.py::test_bulk_upload_empty_collection PASSED  [ 66%]
test_bulk_upload_empty_points,tests/api/test_bulk_upload.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_bulk_upload.py::test_bulk_upload_empty_points PASSED      [100%]
test_bulk_upload_invalid_points,tests/api/test_bulk_upload.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_bulk_upload.py::test_bulk_upload_invalid_points PASSED    [ 33%]
test_bulk_upload_mixed_valid_invalid,tests/api/test_bulk_upload.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_bulk_upload.py::test_bulk_upload_mixed_valid_invalid PASSED [ 66%]
test_bulk_upload_with_custom_ids,tests/api/test_bulk_upload.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_bulk_upload.py::test_bulk_upload_with_custom_ids PASSED   [100%]
TestMetadataValidationEnhancements,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py::TestMetadataValidationEnhancements::test_validate_metadata_valid_data PASSED [ 33%]
test_validate_metadata_valid_data,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_validate_metadata_valid_data in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_validate_metadata_missing_required_fields,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_validate_metadata_missing_required_fields in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_validate_metadata_invalid_types,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_validate_metadata_invalid_types in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_validate_metadata_content_size_limits,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_validate_metadata_content_size_limits in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_validate_metadata_invalid_timestamps,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_validate_metadata_invalid_timestamps in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_validate_version_increment_valid,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_validate_version_increment_valid in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_validate_version_increment_auto_increment,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_validate_version_increment_auto_increment in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_validate_version_increment_decrease,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_validate_version_increment_decrease in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_validate_version_increment_skip,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_validate_version_increment_skip in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
TestChangeReportingEnhancements,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py::TestChangeReportingEnhancements::test_calculate_string_similarity PASSED [ 66%]
test_get_metadata_statistics,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_get_metadata_statistics in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_calculate_string_similarity,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_calculate_string_similarity in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_analyze_change_impact,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_analyze_change_impact in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
TestFirestoreRulesValidation,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py::TestFirestoreRulesValidation::test_firestore_rules_syntax PASSED [100%]
test_calculate_data_quality_metrics,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_calculate_data_quality_metrics in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_enhanced_change_analysis,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_enhanced_change_analysis in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_firestore_rules_syntax,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_firestore_rules_syntax in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
TestAlertingPolicyValidation,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py::TestAlertingPolicyValidation::test_alert_policy_configuration PASSED [100%]
test_firebase_json_configuration,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_firebase_json_configuration in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_firestore_indexes_configuration,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_firestore_indexes_configuration in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_alert_policy_configuration,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_alert_policy_configuration in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
TestCLI119D10Integration,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py::TestCLI119D10Integration::test_metadata_validation_integration PASSED [ 66%]
test_alert_policy_metrics_references,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_alert_policy_metrics_references in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_metadata_validation_integration,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_metadata_validation_integration in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
test_change_reporting_integration,tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_change_reporting_integration in tests/api/test_cli119d10_enhancements.py
TestCursorE2EIntegration,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration.py::TestCursorE2EIntegration::test_single_document_e2e_workflow PASSED [ 16%]
TestCursorE2EIntegrationFixed,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py::TestCursorE2EIntegrationFixed::test_single_document_e2e_workflow PASSED [ 66%]
test_single_document_e2e_workflow,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_single_document_e2e_workflow in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration.py
test_batch_document_e2e_workflow,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_document_e2e_workflow in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration.py
test_cursor_query_workflow,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cursor_query_workflow in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration.py
test_cursor_metadata_validation_workflow,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cursor_metadata_validation_workflow in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration.py
test_cursor_integration_data_consistency,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cursor_integration_data_consistency in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration.py
test_single_document_e2e_workflow,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_single_document_e2e_workflow in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py
test_batch_document_e2e_workflow,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_document_e2e_workflow in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py
test_cursor_query_workflow,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cursor_query_workflow in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py
test_cursor_metadata_validation_workflow,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cursor_metadata_validation_workflow in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py
test_cursor_error_handling_workflow,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cursor_error_handling_workflow in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py
test_cursor_integration_performance_requirements,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cursor_integration_performance_requirements in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py
test_cursor_integration_data_consistency,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cursor_integration_data_consistency in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_integration_fixed.py
TestCursorRealCloudIntegration,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py,SKIPPED, 33%,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py::TestCursorRealCloudIntegration::test_01_health_check SKIPPED [ 33%]
test_01_health_check,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_01_health_check in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py
test_02_authenticate_user,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_02_authenticate_user in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py
test_03_access_denied_without_token,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_03_access_denied_without_token in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py
test_04_save_documents_with_auth,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_04_save_documents_with_auth in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py
test_05_semantic_search_with_auth,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_05_semantic_search_with_auth in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py
test_06_document_search_with_auth,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_06_document_search_with_auth in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py
test_07_performance_under_load,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_07_performance_under_load in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py
test_08_verify_firestore_sync,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_08_verify_firestore_sync in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py
test_09_cleanup_and_verification,tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_09_cleanup_and_verification in tests/api/test_cursor_e2e_real_cloud.py
TestCursorIntegration,tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py::TestCursorIntegration::test_handle_cursor_document_storage_success PASSED [ 33%]
test_handle_cursor_document_storage_success,tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_handle_cursor_document_storage_success in tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py
test_handle_cursor_document_storage_minimal,tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_handle_cursor_document_storage_minimal in tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py
test_handle_cursor_document_storage_missing_doc_id,tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_handle_cursor_document_storage_missing_doc_id in tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py
test_handle_cursor_document_storage_missing_content,tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_handle_cursor_document_storage_missing_content in tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py
test_handle_cursor_document_storage_vectorization_failure,tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_handle_cursor_document_storage_vectorization_failure in tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py
test_cursor_metadata_enhancement,tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cursor_metadata_enhancement in tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py
test_cursor_json_format_compatibility,tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cursor_json_format_compatibility in tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py
test_cursor_integration_different_save_dirs,tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cursor_integration_different_save_dirs in tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py
test_cursor_integration_real_world_scenario,tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cursor_integration_real_world_scenario in tests/api/test_cursor_integration.py
test_delay_tool_completes_under_2s,tests/api/test_delay_tool_completes_under_2s.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_delay_tool_completes_under_2s.py::test_delay_tool_completes_under_2s PASSED [ 33%]
test_delay_tool_short_delay,tests/api/test_delay_tool_completes_under_2s.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_delay_tool_completes_under_2s.py::test_delay_tool_short_delay PASSED [ 66%]
test_delete_by_tag_valid,tests/api/test_delete_by_tag.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_delete_by_tag.py::test_delete_by_tag_valid PASSED         [100%]
test_delete_by_tag_empty,tests/api/test_delete_by_tag.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_delete_by_tag.py::test_delete_by_tag_empty PASSED         [ 33%]
test_delete_by_tag_non_existent,tests/api/test_delete_by_tag.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_delete_by_tag.py::test_delete_by_tag_non_existent PASSED  [ 66%]
TestEmbeddingProviderInterface,tests/api/test_embedding_provider.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_embedding_provider.py::TestEmbeddingProviderInterface::test_mock_embedding_provider_basic_functionality PASSED [100%]
test_mock_embedding_provider_basic_functionality,tests/api/test_embedding_provider.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_mock_embedding_provider_basic_functionality in tests/api/test_embedding_provider.py
test_generate_embedding_mock,tests/api/test_embeddings_api.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_embeddings_api.py::test_generate_embedding_mock PASSED    [ 66%]
test_generate_embedding_real,tests/api/test_embeddings_api.py,SKIPPED,100%,tests/api/test_embeddings_api.py::test_generate_embedding_real SKIPPED   [100%]
test_vectorization_tool_uses_custom_embedding_provider,tests/api/test_embedding_provider.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorization_tool_uses_custom_embedding_provider in tests/api/test_embedding_provider.py
test_semantic_search_cosine,tests/api/test_embeddings_api.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_embeddings_api.py::test_semantic_search_cosine PASSED     [ 33%]
test_clear_embeddings,tests/api/test_embeddings_api.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_embeddings_api.py::test_clear_embeddings PASSED           [ 66%]
test_empty_filter_tag_rejected,tests/api/test_empty_filter_tag.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_empty_filter_tag.py::test_empty_filter_tag_rejected PASSED [100%]
test_whitespace_filter_tag_rejected,tests/api/test_empty_filter_tag.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_empty_filter_tag.py::test_whitespace_filter_tag_rejected PASSED [ 33%]
test_empty_query_rejected,tests/api/test_empty_query_rejected.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_empty_query_rejected.py::test_empty_query_rejected PASSED [ 66%]
test_empty_query_text,tests/api/test_empty_query_text.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_empty_query_text.py::test_empty_query_text PASSED         [100%]
test_env_config_valid,tests/api/test_env_config_valid.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_env_config_valid.py::test_env_config_valid PASSED         [ 33%]
test_filter_tag_case_insensitive,tests/api/test_filter_tag_case.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_filter_tag_case.py::test_filter_tag_case_insensitive PASSED [ 66%]
test_filter_tag_with_no_matches,tests/api/test_filter_tag_no_match.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_filter_tag_no_match.py::test_filter_tag_with_no_matches PASSED [100%]
test_filter_tag_trailing_spaces,tests/api/test_filter_tag_trailing_spaces.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_filter_tag_trailing_spaces.py::test_filter_tag_trailing_spaces PASSED [ 33%]
TestFirestoreConnectionEdgeCases,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py::TestFirestoreConnectionEdgeCases::test_firestore_connection_failure PASSED [ 66%]
test_firestore_connection_failure,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_firestore_connection_failure in tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py
test_firestore_timeout_handling,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_firestore_timeout_handling in tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py
TestDataValidationEdgeCases,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py::TestDataValidationEdgeCases::test_email_validation_edge_cases PASSED [ 66%]
test_firestore_permission_denied,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_firestore_permission_denied in tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py
test_email_validation_edge_cases,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_email_validation_edge_cases in tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py
test_password_validation_edge_cases,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_password_validation_edge_cases in tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py
TestConcurrentFirestoreOperations,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py::TestConcurrentFirestoreOperations::test_concurrent_user_creation PASSED [ 66%]
test_metadata_size_limits,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_metadata_size_limits in tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py
test_concurrent_user_creation,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_concurrent_user_creation in tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py
test_concurrent_authentication_attempts,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_concurrent_authentication_attempts in tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py
TestFirestoreDataConsistency,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py::TestFirestoreDataConsistency::test_user_data_integrity PASSED [ 33%]
test_user_data_integrity,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_user_data_integrity in tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py
test_timestamp_consistency,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_timestamp_consistency in tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py
test_scope_validation,tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_scope_validation in tests/api/test_firestore_edge_cases.py
test_score_threshold_over_one,tests/api/test_invalid_over_threshold.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_invalid_over_threshold.py::test_score_threshold_over_one PASSED [ 33%]
test_invalid_score_threshold,tests/api/test_invalid_threshold.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_invalid_threshold.py::test_invalid_score_threshold PASSED [ 66%]
test_negative_top_k,tests/api/test_invalid_top_k.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_invalid_top_k.py::test_negative_top_k PASSED              [100%]
TestStructuredJSONFormatter,tests/api/test_logging.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_logging.py::TestStructuredJSONFormatter::test_basic_json_format PASSED [ 33%]
test_basic_json_format,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_basic_json_format in tests/api/test_logging.py
test_context_fields,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_context_fields in tests/api/test_logging.py
test_exception_formatting,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_exception_formatting in tests/api/test_logging.py
TestSamplingFilter,tests/api/test_logging.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_logging.py::TestSamplingFilter::test_error_always_passes PASSED [ 33%]
test_error_always_passes,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_error_always_passes in tests/api/test_logging.py
test_warning_always_passes,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_warning_always_passes in tests/api/test_logging.py
test_info_sampling,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_info_sampling in tests/api/test_logging.py
TestErrorMetricsHandler,tests/api/test_logging.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_logging.py::TestErrorMetricsHandler::test_metrics_handler_initialization PASSED [ 33%]
TestStructuredLogger,tests/api/test_logging.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_logging.py::TestStructuredLogger::test_logger_initialization PASSED [100%]
test_metrics_handler_initialization,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_metrics_handler_initialization in tests/api/test_logging.py
test_error_metrics_emit,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_error_metrics_emit in tests/api/test_logging.py
test_logger_initialization,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_logger_initialization in tests/api/test_logging.py
TestLoggerRegistry,tests/api/test_logging.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_logging.py::TestLoggerRegistry::test_get_logger_singleton PASSED [100%]
test_log_levels,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_log_levels in tests/api/test_logging.py
test_log_file_creation,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_log_file_creation in tests/api/test_logging.py
test_get_logger_singleton,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_get_logger_singleton in tests/api/test_logging.py
TestLoggingIntegration,tests/api/test_logging.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_logging.py::TestLoggingIntegration::test_ten_log_entries_cli124_requirement PASSED [ 66%]
test_mcp_echo_tool_integration,tests/api/test_mcp_echo_tool_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_mcp_echo_tool_integration.py::test_mcp_echo_tool_integration PASSED [100%]
test_get_logger_different_names,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_get_logger_different_names in tests/api/test_logging.py
test_ten_log_entries_cli124_requirement,tests/api/test_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_ten_log_entries_cli124_requirement in tests/api/test_logging.py
test_mcp_exit_gracefully,tests/api/test_mcp_exit_gracefully.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_mcp_exit_gracefully.py::test_mcp_exit_gracefully PASSED   [ 33%]
test_mcp_qdrant_upsert_and_query,tests/api/test_mcp_qdrant_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_mcp_qdrant_integration.py::test_mcp_qdrant_upsert_and_query PASSED [ 66%]
TestMetadataVersioning,tests/api/test_metadata_versioning.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_metadata_versioning.py::TestMetadataVersioning::test_metadata_versioning_logic PASSED [100%]
test_metadata_versioning_logic,tests/api/test_metadata_versioning.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_metadata_versioning_logic in tests/api/test_metadata_versioning.py
TestAutoTagging,tests/api/test_metadata_versioning.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_metadata_versioning.py::TestAutoTagging::test_content_hash_generation PASSED [ 66%]
test_hierarchical_structure_logic,tests/api/test_metadata_versioning.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_hierarchical_structure_logic in tests/api/test_metadata_versioning.py
test_content_hash_generation,tests/api/test_metadata_versioning.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_content_hash_generation in tests/api/test_metadata_versioning.py
test_get_auto_tagging_tool_singleton,tests/api/test_metadata_versioning.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_get_auto_tagging_tool_singleton in tests/api/test_metadata_versioning.py
test_metrics_endpoint,tests/api/test_metrics.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_metrics.py::test_metrics_endpoint PASSED                  [ 33%]
test_migration_smoke,tests/api/test_migration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_migration.py::test_migration_smoke PASSED                 [ 66%]
test_migration_dry_run_stats,tests/api/test_migration_dry_run_stats.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_migration_dry_run_stats.py::test_migration_dry_run_stats PASSED [100%]
test_migration_handles_duplicate_ids,tests/api/test_migration_handles_duplicate_ids.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_migration_handles_duplicate_ids.py::test_migration_handles_duplicate_ids PASSED [ 33%]
test_filter_tag_required_when_no_threshold,tests/api/test_missing_filter_tag.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_missing_filter_tag.py::test_filter_tag_required_when_no_threshold PASSED [ 66%]
TestPackageInstallation,tests/api/test_package_installation.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_package_installation.py::TestPackageInstallation::test_package_import PASSED [100%]
test_package_import,tests/api/test_package_installation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_package_import in tests/api/test_package_installation.py
test_core_modules_import,tests/api/test_package_installation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_core_modules_import in tests/api/test_package_installation.py
test_package_in_sys_modules,tests/api/test_package_installation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_package_in_sys_modules in tests/api/test_package_installation.py
test_package_metadata,tests/api/test_package_installation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_package_metadata in tests/api/test_package_installation.py
test_parallel_calls_under_threshold,tests/api/test_parallel_calls_under_threshold.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_parallel_calls_under_threshold.py::test_parallel_calls_under_threshold PASSED [ 66%]
test_parallel_calls_original_timing,tests/api/test_parallel_calls_under_threshold.py,SKIPPED,100%,tests/api/test_parallel_calls_under_threshold.py::test_parallel_calls_original_timing SKIPPED [100%]
test_new_imports_work,tests/api/test_package_installation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_new_imports_work in tests/api/test_package_installation.py
TestCloudPerformance,tests/api/test_performance_cloud.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_performance_cloud.py::TestCloudPerformance::test_01_authenticate_for_performance PASSED [ 33%]
test_01_authenticate_for_performance,tests/api/test_performance_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_01_authenticate_for_performance in tests/api/test_performance_cloud.py
test_02_performance_save_documents,tests/api/test_performance_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_02_performance_save_documents in tests/api/test_performance_cloud.py
test_03_performance_search_queries,tests/api/test_performance_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_03_performance_search_queries in tests/api/test_performance_cloud.py
test_qdrant_tools_registration,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py::test_qdrant_tools_registration PASSED [100%]
test_04_performance_document_searches,tests/api/test_performance_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_04_performance_document_searches in tests/api/test_performance_cloud.py
test_05_overall_performance_summary,tests/api/test_performance_cloud.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_05_overall_performance_summary in tests/api/test_performance_cloud.py
test_qdrant_upsert_vector_tool,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py::test_qdrant_upsert_vector_tool PASSED [ 33%]
test_qdrant_query_by_tag_tool,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py::test_qdrant_query_by_tag_tool PASSED [ 66%]
test_qdrant_health_check_tool,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py::test_qdrant_health_check_tool PASSED [100%]
test_qdrant_get_count_tool,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py::test_qdrant_get_count_tool PASSED  [ 33%]
test_qdrant_delete_by_tag_tool,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py::test_qdrant_delete_by_tag_tool PASSED [ 66%]
test_semantic_search_qdrant_tool,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py::test_semantic_search_qdrant_tool PASSED [100%]
test_qdrant_tool_error_handling,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py::test_qdrant_tool_error_handling PASSED [ 33%]
test_qdrant_config_validation,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py::test_qdrant_config_validation PASSED [ 66%]
test_qdrant_cluster_info,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py,SKIPPED,100%,tests/api/test_qdrant_integration.py::test_qdrant_cluster_info SKIPPED   [100%]
test_points_selector_empty,tests/api/test_qdrant_store.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_store.py::test_points_selector_empty PASSED        [ 33%]
test_points_selector_with_filter,tests/api/test_qdrant_store.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_store.py::test_points_selector_with_filter PASSED  [ 66%]
test_vector_store_interface_methods,tests/api/test_qdrant_store.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_store.py::test_vector_store_interface_methods PASSED [100%]
test_firestore_sync_pending_to_completed,tests/api/test_qdrant_vectorization_tool.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_vectorization_tool.py::test_firestore_sync_pending_to_completed PASSED [ 33%]
test_firestore_sync_failure_status,tests/api/test_qdrant_vectorization_tool.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_vectorization_tool.py::test_firestore_sync_failure_status PASSED [ 66%]
test_batch_vectorization_firestore_sync,tests/api/test_qdrant_vectorization_tool.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_vectorization_tool.py::test_batch_vectorization_firestore_sync PASSED [100%]
test_vectorization_without_firestore_sync,tests/api/test_qdrant_vectorization_tool.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_qdrant_vectorization_tool.py::test_vectorization_without_firestore_sync PASSED [ 33%]
test_query_text_exceeds_max_length,tests/api/test_query_text_too_long.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_query_text_too_long.py::test_query_text_exceeds_max_length PASSED [ 66%]
test_query_vectors_by_score_threshold_passes,tests/api/test_query_vector_by_score_threshold.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_query_vector_by_score_threshold.py::test_query_vectors_by_score_threshold_passes PASSED [100%]
test_query_vectors_by_score_threshold_filters_all,tests/api/test_query_vector_by_score_threshold.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_query_vector_by_score_threshold.py::test_query_vectors_by_score_threshold_filters_all PASSED [ 25%]
test_query_vectors_without_score_threshold,tests/api/test_query_vector_by_score_threshold.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_query_vector_by_score_threshold.py::test_query_vectors_without_score_threshold PASSED [ 50%]
test_get_vector_by_id,tests/api/test_query_vectors_api.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_query_vectors_api.py::test_get_vector_by_id PASSED        [ 75%]
test_get_vector_by_id_not_found,tests/api/test_vector_edge_cases.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_vector_edge_cases.py::test_get_vector_by_id_not_found PASSED [100%]
test_query_vectors_by_ids,tests/api/test_query_vectors_api.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_query_vectors_api.py::test_query_vectors_by_ids PASSED    [ 25%]
test_save_metadata_roundtrip,tests/api/test_save_metadata_roundtrip.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_save_metadata_roundtrip.py::test_save_metadata_roundtrip PASSED [ 50%]
test_score_threshold_one,tests/api/test_score_threshold_strict.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_score_threshold_strict.py::test_score_threshold_one PASSED [ 75%]
test_query_vectors_by_ids_partial_invalid,tests/api/test_vector_edge_cases.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_vector_edge_cases.py::test_query_vectors_by_ids_partial_invalid PASSED [100%]
test_score_threshold_zero,tests/api/test_score_threshold_zero.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_score_threshold_zero.py::test_score_threshold_zero PASSED [ 33%]
test_search_by_payload_valid,tests/api/test_search_by_payload.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_search_by_payload.py::test_search_by_payload_valid PASSED [ 66%]
test_search_by_payload_empty_field,tests/api/test_search_by_payload.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_search_by_payload.py::test_search_by_payload_empty_field PASSED [100%]
test_search_by_payload_none_value,tests/api/test_search_by_payload.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_search_by_payload.py::test_search_by_payload_none_value PASSED [ 33%]
test_search_by_payload_pagination,tests/api/test_search_by_payload.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_search_by_payload.py::test_search_by_payload_pagination PASSED [ 66%]
test_search_in_alt_collection,tests/api/test_search_in_alt_collection.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_search_in_alt_collection.py::test_search_in_alt_collection PASSED [100%]
test_search_with_tag_and_threshold,tests/api/test_search_tag_and_threshold.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_search_tag_and_threshold.py::test_search_with_tag_and_threshold PASSED [ 25%]
test_semantic_search_multiple_queries,tests/api/test_semantic_search_multiple_queries.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_semantic_search_multiple_queries.py::test_semantic_search_multiple_queries PASSED [ 50%]
TestSessionMemory,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py::TestSessionMemory::test_session_creation PASSED [ 75%]
test_session_creation,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_session_creation in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_session_creation_with_custom_id,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_session_creation_with_custom_id in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_session_retrieval,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_session_retrieval in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_session_state_update,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_session_state_update in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
TestPubSubEvents,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py::TestPubSubEvents::test_save_document_event_publishing PASSED [100%]
test_session_deletion,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_session_deletion in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_multiple_sessions,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_multiple_sessions in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_save_document_event_publishing,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_save_document_event_publishing in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_custom_event_publishing,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_custom_event_publishing in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_multiple_event_publishing,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_multiple_event_publishing in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_event_publishing_without_pubsub,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_event_publishing_without_pubsub in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
TestIntegration,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py::TestIntegration::test_agent_session_management PASSED [ 33%]
test_agent_session_management,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_agent_session_management in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_vectorization_with_events,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorization_with_events in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_session_context_in_vectorization,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_session_context_in_vectorization in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
TestErrorHandling,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py::TestErrorHandling::test_session_manager_firestore_error PASSED [ 33%]
test_session_manager_firestore_error,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_session_manager_firestore_error in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_event_manager_pubsub_error,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_event_manager_pubsub_error in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_session_not_found_error,tests/api/test_session_and_events.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_session_not_found_error in tests/api/test_session_and_events.py
test_tag_too_long,tests/api/test_tag_too_long.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_tag_too_long.py::test_tag_too_long PASSED                 [ 33%]
test_threshold_below_minimum,tests/api/test_threshold_below_minimum.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_threshold_below_minimum.py::test_threshold_below_minimum PASSED [ 66%]
test_threshold_exact_equals,tests/api/test_threshold_exact_equals.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_threshold_exact_equals.py::test_threshold_exact_equals PASSED [100%]
test_top_k_exceeds_data_count,tests/api/test_top_k_larger_than_data.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_top_k_larger_than_data.py::test_top_k_exceeds_data_count PASSED [ 33%]
test_top_k_minimum_one,tests/api/test_top_k_minimum.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_top_k_minimum.py::test_top_k_minimum_one PASSED           [ 66%]
test_top_k_too_large,tests/api/test_top_k_too_large.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_top_k_too_large.py::test_top_k_too_large PASSED           [100%]
test_upload_and_download_blob,tests/api/test_upload_and_download_blob.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_upload_and_download_blob.py::test_upload_and_download_blob PASSED [ 33%]
test_upsert_vector_invalid_input,tests/api/test_vector_edge_cases.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_vector_edge_cases.py::test_upsert_vector_invalid_input PASSED [100%]
test_delete_vector_not_found,tests/api/test_vector_edge_cases.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_vector_edge_cases.py::test_delete_vector_not_found PASSED [ 66%]
test_vector_id_collision,tests/api/test_vector_safety_check.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_vector_safety_check.py::test_vector_id_collision PASSED   [100%]
test_vector_truncation_protection,tests/api/test_vector_safety_check.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_vector_safety_check.py::test_vector_truncation_protection PASSED [ 33%]
TestWorkflowOrchestration,tests/api/test_workflow.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_workflow.py::TestWorkflowOrchestration::test_workflow_deployment_exists PASSED [ 66%]
test_workflow_deployment_exists,tests/api/test_workflow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_workflow_deployment_exists in tests/api/test_workflow.py
test_workflow_execution_simulation,tests/api/test_workflow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_workflow_execution_simulation in tests/api/test_workflow.py
test_workflow_batch_execution_simulation,tests/api/test_workflow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_workflow_batch_execution_simulation in tests/api/test_workflow.py
test_workflow_input_validation,tests/api/test_workflow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_workflow_input_validation in tests/api/test_workflow.py
test_workflow_error_handling,tests/api/test_workflow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_workflow_error_handling in tests/api/test_workflow.py
TestWorkflowIntegration,tests/api/test_workflow.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/api/test_workflow.py::TestWorkflowIntegration::test_workflow_deployment_status PASSED [100%]
test_workflow_metadata_enhancement,tests/api/test_workflow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_workflow_metadata_enhancement in tests/api/test_workflow.py
test_workflow_cli125_requirement,tests/api/test_workflow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_workflow_cli125_requirement in tests/api/test_workflow.py
test_workflow_deployment_status,tests/api/test_workflow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_workflow_deployment_status in tests/api/test_workflow.py
TestE2EPipeline,tests/e2e/test_e2e_pipeline.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/e2e/test_e2e_pipeline.py::TestE2EPipeline::test_complete_e2e_pipeline PASSED [100%]
test_workflow_performance_expectations,tests/api/test_workflow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_workflow_performance_expectations in tests/api/test_workflow.py
test_workflow_complete_orchestration_cli125,tests/api/test_workflow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_workflow_complete_orchestration_cli125 in tests/api/test_workflow.py
test_complete_e2e_pipeline,tests/e2e/test_e2e_pipeline.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_complete_e2e_pipeline in tests/e2e/test_e2e_pipeline.py
test_e2e_error_handling,tests/e2e/test_e2e_pipeline.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_e2e_error_handling in tests/e2e/test_e2e_pipeline.py
test_e2e_performance,tests/e2e/test_e2e_pipeline.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_e2e_performance in tests/e2e/test_e2e_pipeline.py
test_e2e_markers,tests/e2e/test_e2e_pipeline.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_e2e_markers in tests/e2e/test_e2e_pipeline.py
test_meta_count,tests/test__meta_count.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test__meta_count.py::test_meta_count PASSED                        [ 33%]
TestCLI126AOptimization,tests/test_cli126a_optimization.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli126a_optimization.py::TestCLI126AOptimization::test_pytest_testmon_installed PASSED [ 66%]
test_pytest_testmon_installed,tests/test_cli126a_optimization.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_pytest_testmon_installed in tests/test_cli126a_optimization.py
test_pytest_xdist_installed,tests/test_cli126a_optimization.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_pytest_xdist_installed in tests/test_cli126a_optimization.py
TestCLI126BMocking,tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py::TestCLI126BMocking::test_qdrant_mock_functionality PASSED [100%]
test_selective_test_execution_markers,tests/test_cli126a_optimization.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_selective_test_execution_markers in tests/test_cli126a_optimization.py
test_cli126a_optimization_goal_achieved,tests/test_cli126a_optimization.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli126a_optimization_goal_achieved in tests/test_cli126a_optimization.py
test_qdrant_mock_functionality,tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_qdrant_mock_functionality in tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py
test_openai_mock_functionality,tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_openai_mock_functionality in tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py
test_embedding_cache_functionality,tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_embedding_cache_functionality in tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py
test_fast_e2e_mocks_integration,tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_fast_e2e_mocks_integration in tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py
test_auto_mock_external_services,tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_auto_mock_external_services in tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py
test_mocking_performance_improvement,tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_mocking_performance_improvement in tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py
test_cache_persistence,tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cache_persistence in tests/test_cli126b_mocking.py
TestCLI126CDeferredStrategy,tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py,SKIPPED, 33%,tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py::TestCLI126CDeferredStrategy::test_active_test_count_in_target_range SKIPPED [ 33%]
test_active_test_count_in_target_range,tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_active_test_count_in_target_range in tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py
test_deferred_tests_excluded_from_fast_runs,tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_deferred_tests_excluded_from_fast_runs in tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py
test_deferred_tests_included_in_full_runs,tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_deferred_tests_included_in_full_runs in tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py
test_core_functionality_tests_remain_active,tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_core_functionality_tests_remain_active in tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py
test_edge_case_tests_are_deferred,tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_edge_case_tests_are_deferred in tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py
test_cli126c_strategy_documentation_ready,tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli126c_strategy_documentation_ready in tests/test_cli126c_deferred.py
TestCLI126DCISetup,tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py::TestCLI126DCISetup::test_nightly_workflow_exists_and_valid PASSED [ 33%]
test_nightly_workflow_exists_and_valid,tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_nightly_workflow_exists_and_valid in tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py
test_git_pre_push_hook_exists_and_executable,tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_git_pre_push_hook_exists_and_executable in tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py
test_git_hook_functionality_simulation,tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_git_hook_functionality_simulation in tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py
test_nightly_ci_badge_ready,tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_nightly_ci_badge_ready in tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py
test_cli126d_requirements_met,tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli126d_requirements_met in tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py
test_development_workflow_optimization,tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_development_workflow_optimization in tests/test_cli126d_ci_setup.py
TestCLI127PackageSetup,tests/test_cli127_package.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli127_package.py::TestCLI127PackageSetup::test_package_editable_installation PASSED [ 33%]
test_package_editable_installation,tests/test_cli127_package.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_package_editable_installation in tests/test_cli127_package.py
test_core_imports_work,tests/test_cli127_package.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_core_imports_work in tests/test_cli127_package.py
test_package_structure_accessible,tests/test_cli127_package.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_package_structure_accessible in tests/test_cli127_package.py
TestCLI128MetadataManagement,tests/test_cli128_metadata.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli128_metadata.py::TestCLI128MetadataManagement::test_comprehensive_metadata_management_logic PASSED [ 66%]
TestCLI129SecurityRules,tests/test_cli129_security_rules.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli129_security_rules.py::TestCLI129SecurityRules::test_comprehensive_firestore_security_rules_validation PASSED [100%]
test_import_consistency_across_codebase,tests/test_cli127_package.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_import_consistency_across_codebase in tests/test_cli127_package.py
test_comprehensive_metadata_management_logic,tests/test_cli128_metadata.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_comprehensive_metadata_management_logic in tests/test_cli128_metadata.py
test_comprehensive_firestore_security_rules_validation,tests/test_cli129_security_rules.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_comprehensive_firestore_security_rules_validation in tests/test_cli129_security_rules.py
TestCLI130TreeView,tests/test_cli130_tree_view.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli130_tree_view.py::TestCLI130TreeView::test_comprehensive_tree_view_functionality PASSED [ 33%]
TestCLI131AdvancedSearch,tests/test_cli131_search.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli131_search.py::TestCLI131AdvancedSearch::test_comprehensive_advanced_search_functionality PASSED [100%]
test_comprehensive_tree_view_functionality,tests/test_cli130_tree_view.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_comprehensive_tree_view_functionality in tests/test_cli130_tree_view.py
test_tree_view_implementation_completeness,tests/test_cli130_tree_view.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_tree_view_implementation_completeness in tests/test_cli130_tree_view.py
test_comprehensive_advanced_search_functionality,tests/test_cli131_search.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_comprehensive_advanced_search_functionality in tests/test_cli131_search.py
TestCLI132CSAgentAPI,tests/test_cli132_api.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli132_api.py::TestCLI132CSAgentAPI::test_tree_view_endpoint_success PASSED [ 33%]
test_tree_view_endpoint_success,tests/test_cli132_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_tree_view_endpoint_success in tests/test_cli132_api.py
test_tree_view_endpoint_not_found,tests/test_cli132_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_tree_view_endpoint_not_found in tests/test_cli132_api.py
test_search_endpoint_by_path,tests/test_cli132_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_endpoint_by_path in tests/test_cli132_api.py
test_search_endpoint_by_tags,tests/test_cli132_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_endpoint_by_tags in tests/test_cli132_api.py
test_search_endpoint_by_metadata,tests/test_cli132_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_endpoint_by_metadata in tests/test_cli132_api.py
test_search_endpoint_combined_parameters,tests/test_cli132_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_endpoint_combined_parameters in tests/test_cli132_api.py
test_search_endpoint_invalid_metadata_json,tests/test_cli132_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_endpoint_invalid_metadata_json in tests/test_cli132_api.py
test_search_endpoint_no_parameters,tests/test_cli132_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_endpoint_no_parameters in tests/test_cli132_api.py
test_health_endpoint,tests/test_cli132_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_health_endpoint in tests/test_cli132_api.py
TestCLI133RAG,tests/test_cli133_rag.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli133_rag.py::TestCLI133RAG::test_rag_search_vector_only PASSED [ 50%]
TestCLI140m14APIMCPGatewayCoverage,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py::TestCLI140m14APIMCPGatewayCoverage::test_api_error_handling PASSED [100%]
test_api_error_handling,tests/test_cli132_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_error_handling in tests/test_cli132_api.py
test_rag_search_vector_only,tests/test_cli133_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_vector_only in tests/test_cli133_rag.py
test_rag_search_with_metadata_filters,tests/test_cli133_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_with_metadata_filters in tests/test_cli133_rag.py
test_rag_search_with_tags_filter,tests/test_cli133_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_with_tags_filter in tests/test_cli133_rag.py
test_rag_search_with_path_filter,tests/test_cli133_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_with_path_filter in tests/test_cli133_rag.py
test_rag_search_combined_filters,tests/test_cli133_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_combined_filters in tests/test_cli133_rag.py
test_qdrant_rag_search_function,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py::test_qdrant_rag_search_function PASSED [100%]
test_rag_search_no_results,tests/test_cli133_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_no_results in tests/test_cli133_rag.py
test_rag_search_qdrant_failure,tests/test_cli133_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_qdrant_failure in tests/test_cli133_rag.py
test_filter_by_metadata,tests/test_cli133_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_filter_by_metadata in tests/test_cli133_rag.py
test_filter_by_tags,tests/test_cli133_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_filter_by_tags in tests/test_cli133_rag.py
test_filter_by_path,tests/test_cli133_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_filter_by_path in tests/test_cli133_rag.py
TestCLI134Observability,tests/test_cli134_observability.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli134_observability.py::TestCLI134Observability::test_qdrant_metrics_collection PASSED [ 66%]
test_build_hierarchy_path,tests/test_cli133_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_build_hierarchy_path in tests/test_cli133_rag.py
test_qdrant_metrics_collection,tests/test_cli134_observability.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_qdrant_metrics_collection in tests/test_cli134_observability.py
test_firestore_metrics_collection,tests/test_cli134_observability.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_firestore_metrics_collection in tests/test_cli134_observability.py
test_metrics_export_integration,tests/test_cli134_observability.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_metrics_export_integration in tests/test_cli134_observability.py
test_alert_policy_validation,tests/test_cli134_observability.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_alert_policy_validation in tests/test_cli134_observability.py
test_dashboard_configuration,tests/test_cli134_observability.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_dashboard_configuration in tests/test_cli134_observability.py
test_observability_error_handling,tests/test_cli134_observability.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_observability_error_handling in tests/test_cli134_observability.py
test_metrics_performance,tests/test_cli134_observability.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_metrics_performance in tests/test_cli134_observability.py
test_observability_with_8_documents,tests/test_cli134_observability.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_observability_with_8_documents in tests/test_cli134_observability.py
TestCLI135AutomatedLogging,tests/test_cli135_logging.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli135_logging.py::TestCLI135AutomatedLogging::test_automated_logging_functionality PASSED [ 33%]
TestCLI136MetadataOptimization,tests/test_cli136_metadata.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli136_metadata.py::TestCLI136MetadataOptimization::test_query_by_hierarchy_optimized PASSED [ 66%]
test_automated_logging_functionality,tests/test_cli135_logging.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_automated_logging_functionality in tests/test_cli135_logging.py
test_query_by_hierarchy_optimized,tests/test_cli136_metadata.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_query_by_hierarchy_optimized in tests/test_cli136_metadata.py
test_query_by_version_range_optimized,tests/test_cli136_metadata.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_query_by_version_range_optimized in tests/test_cli136_metadata.py
test_query_latest_by_category_optimized,tests/test_cli136_metadata.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_query_latest_by_category_optimized in tests/test_cli136_metadata.py
test_query_multi_level_hierarchy_optimized,tests/test_cli136_metadata.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_query_multi_level_hierarchy_optimized in tests/test_cli136_metadata.py
test_benchmark_query_performance,tests/test_cli136_metadata.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_benchmark_query_performance in tests/test_cli136_metadata.py
test_query_error_handling,tests/test_cli136_metadata.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_query_error_handling in tests/test_cli136_metadata.py
test_query_validation,tests/test_cli136_metadata.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_query_validation in tests/test_cli136_metadata.py
test_query_performance_target,tests/test_cli136_metadata.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_query_performance_target in tests/test_cli136_metadata.py
TestCLI137BatchAPI,tests/test_cli137_api.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli137_api.py::TestCLI137BatchAPI::test_batch_save_success PASSED [ 33%]
test_batch_save_success,tests/test_cli137_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_save_success in tests/test_cli137_api.py
test_batch_query_success,tests/test_cli137_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_query_success in tests/test_cli137_api.py
test_batch_save_partial_failure,tests/test_cli137_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_save_partial_failure in tests/test_cli137_api.py
TestCLI139APIErrorHandling,tests/test_cli139_api.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli139_api.py::TestCLI139APIErrorHandling::test_batch_operations_performance_under_5_seconds PASSED [ 80%]
TestCLI139,tests/test_cli139_api.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli139_api.py::TestCLI139::test_batch_operations_performance_under_5_seconds PASSED [100%]
test_batch_query_scenarios,tests/test_cli137_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_query_scenarios in tests/test_cli137_api.py
test_batch_operations_performance,tests/test_cli137_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_operations_performance in tests/test_cli137_api.py
test_batch_request_validation,tests/test_cli137_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_request_validation in tests/test_cli137_api.py
TestCLI138Docs,tests/test_cli138_docs.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli138_docs.py::TestCLI138Docs::test_agent_data_final_report_exists PASSED [ 66%]
test_batch_operations_error_handling,tests/test_cli137_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_operations_error_handling in tests/test_cli137_api.py
test_agent_data_final_report_exists,tests/test_cli138_docs.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_agent_data_final_report_exists in tests/test_cli138_docs.py
test_agent_data_final_report_required_sections,tests/test_cli138_docs.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_agent_data_final_report_required_sections in tests/test_cli138_docs.py
test_agent_data_final_report_technical_details,tests/test_cli138_docs.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_agent_data_final_report_technical_details in tests/test_cli138_docs.py
test_integrate_with_cursor_updated,tests/test_cli138_docs.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_integrate_with_cursor_updated in tests/test_cli138_docs.py
test_documentation_api_examples_valid_json,tests/test_cli138_docs.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_documentation_api_examples_valid_json in tests/test_cli138_docs.py
test_documentation_contains_performance_metrics,tests/test_cli138_docs.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_documentation_contains_performance_metrics in tests/test_cli138_docs.py
test_documentation_deployment_instructions,tests/test_cli138_docs.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_documentation_deployment_instructions in tests/test_cli138_docs.py
test_documentation_validation_performance,tests/test_cli138_docs.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_documentation_validation_performance in tests/test_cli138_docs.py
test_documentation_file_sizes_reasonable,tests/test_cli138_docs.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_documentation_file_sizes_reasonable in tests/test_cli138_docs.py
test_documentation_encoding_utf8,tests/test_cli138_docs.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_documentation_encoding_utf8 in tests/test_cli138_docs.py
test_batch_save_retry_logic_on_rate_limit,tests/test_cli139_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_save_retry_logic_on_rate_limit in tests/test_cli139_api.py
test_batch_query_timeout_handling,tests/test_cli139_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_query_timeout_handling in tests/test_cli139_api.py
test_error_categorization_and_reporting,tests/test_cli139_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_error_categorization_and_reporting in tests/test_cli139_api.py
test_batch_operations_performance_under_5_seconds,tests/test_cli139_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_operations_performance_under_5_seconds in tests/test_cli139_api.py
TestCLI139Integration,tests/test_cli139_api.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli139_api.py::TestCLI139Integration::test_end_to_end_error_recovery PASSED [ 60%]
test_concurrent_session_operations,tests/test_cli139_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_concurrent_session_operations in tests/test_cli139_api.py
test_api_error_classes_defined,tests/test_cli139_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_error_classes_defined in tests/test_cli139_api.py
test_end_to_end_error_recovery,tests/test_cli139_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_end_to_end_error_recovery in tests/test_cli139_api.py
TestCLI140CSKHRag,tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py::TestCLI140CSKHRag::test_cskh_query_endpoint_basic PASSED [ 33%]
test_cskh_query_endpoint_basic,tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cskh_query_endpoint_basic in tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py
test_cskh_query_performance_under_1s,tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cskh_query_performance_under_1s in tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py
test_cskh_query_caching,tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cskh_query_caching in tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py
test_cskh_query_error_handling,tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cskh_query_error_handling in tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py
test_cskh_query_timeout_handling,tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cskh_query_timeout_handling in tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py
test_cskh_query_validation,tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cskh_query_validation in tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py
test_cli140b_alerting_policies_and_ci_validation,tests/test_cli140b_ci_alert.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140b_ci_alert.py::test_cli140b_alerting_policies_and_ci_validation PASSED [100%]
test_cskh_query_metrics_recording,tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cskh_query_metrics_recording in tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py
test_api_root_includes_cskh_endpoint,tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_root_includes_cskh_endpoint in tests/test_cli140_cskh_rag.py
TestCLI140cDocumentation,tests/test_cli140c_doc.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140c_doc.py::TestCLI140cDocumentation::test_cskh_api_documentation_validation PASSED [ 33%]
TestCLI140dIndexCost,tests/test_cli140d_index_cost.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140d_index_cost.py::TestCLI140dIndexCost::test_firestore_index_deployment_and_cost_monitoring PASSED [ 66%]
TestQdrantVectorizationToolCoverage,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py::TestQdrantVectorizationToolCoverage::test_rate_limit_enforcement PASSED [100%]
test_cskh_api_documentation_validation,tests/test_cli140c_doc.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cskh_api_documentation_validation in tests/test_cli140c_doc.py
test_firestore_index_deployment_and_cost_monitoring,tests/test_cli140d_index_cost.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_firestore_index_deployment_and_cost_monitoring in tests/test_cli140d_index_cost.py
test_rate_limit_enforcement,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rate_limit_enforcement in tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py
test_initialization_states,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_initialization_states in tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py
test_vectorize_document_success_path,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorize_document_success_path in tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py
test_vectorize_document_embedding_error,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorize_document_embedding_error in tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py
test_rag_search_with_mocked_components,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_with_mocked_components in tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py
test_rag_search_full_workflow,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_full_workflow in tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py
test_batch_vectorize_documents_success,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_vectorize_documents_success in tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py
TestCLI140m14QdrantVectorizationCoverage,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py::TestCLI140m14QdrantVectorizationCoverage::test_batch_vectorize_invalid_documents PASSED [100%]
test_batch_vectorize_invalid_documents,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_vectorize_invalid_documents in tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py
test_update_vector_status_error_handling,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_update_vector_status_error_handling in tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py
test_vectorize_document_upsert_failure,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorize_document_upsert_failure in tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py
test_get_vectorization_tool_factory,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py::test_get_vectorization_tool_factory PASSED [ 50%]
test_qdrant_vectorize_document_function,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py::test_qdrant_vectorize_document_function PASSED [ 75%]
test_batch_vectorize_documents_function,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140e3_3_qdrant_vectorization_coverage.py::test_batch_vectorize_documents_function PASSED [ 33%]
TestCLI140e39Validation,tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py::TestCLI140e39Validation::test_api_mcp_gateway_additional_coverage PASSED [ 66%]
test_api_mcp_gateway_additional_coverage,tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_mcp_gateway_additional_coverage in tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py
test_api_mcp_gateway_error_handling_coverage,tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_mcp_gateway_error_handling_coverage in tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py
test_api_mcp_gateway_authentication_paths,tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_mcp_gateway_authentication_paths in tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py
test_api_mcp_gateway_comprehensive_coverage,tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_mcp_gateway_comprehensive_coverage in tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py
test_api_mcp_gateway_edge_cases_coverage,tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_mcp_gateway_edge_cases_coverage in tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py
test_rag_latency_validation_with_auth_fix,tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_latency_validation_with_auth_fix in tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py
test_cloud_profiler_validation_with_auth_fix,tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cloud_profiler_validation_with_auth_fix in tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py
test_test_suite_count_compliance,tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_test_suite_count_compliance in tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py
TestCLI140gShadowTraffic,tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py::TestCLI140gShadowTraffic::test_shadow_traffic_configuration_validation PASSED [100%]
test_cli140e39_completion_marker,tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli140e39_completion_marker in tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py
test_api_mcp_gateway_authentication_enabled_coverage,tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_mcp_gateway_authentication_enabled_coverage in tests/test_cli140e3_9_validation.py
test_shadow_traffic_configuration_validation,tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_shadow_traffic_configuration_validation in tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py
test_shadow_traffic_routing_behavior,tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_shadow_traffic_routing_behavior in tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py
test_shadow_traffic_monitoring_metrics,tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_shadow_traffic_monitoring_metrics in tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py
test_shadow_traffic_error_threshold_monitoring,tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_shadow_traffic_error_threshold_monitoring in tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py
test_shadow_traffic_latency_threshold_monitoring,tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_shadow_traffic_latency_threshold_monitoring in tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py
test_shadow_traffic_architecture_distribution,tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_shadow_traffic_architecture_distribution in tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py
test_shadow_traffic_report_generation,tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_shadow_traffic_report_generation in tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py
test_cli140g1_shadow_traffic_validation_complete,tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py::test_cli140g1_shadow_traffic_validation_complete PASSED [ 66%]
TestCLI140g2MultiFunctionRouting,tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py::TestCLI140g2MultiFunctionRouting::test_multi_function_architecture_files_exist PASSED [100%]
test_shadow_traffic_endpoint_coverage,tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_shadow_traffic_endpoint_coverage in tests/test_cli140g1_shadow.py
test_multi_function_architecture_files_exist,tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_multi_function_architecture_files_exist in tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py
test_routing_logic_structure,tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_routing_logic_structure in tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py
test_architecture_split_documentation,tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_architecture_split_documentation in tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py
test_document_ingestion_function_exists,tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_document_ingestion_function_exists in tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py
test_vector_search_function_exists,tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vector_search_function_exists in tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py
test_rag_search_function_exists,tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_function_exists in tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py
test_router_function_exists,tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_router_function_exists in tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py
test_shadow_traffic_configuration_documented,tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_shadow_traffic_configuration_documented in tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py
test_latency_monitoring_configured,tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_latency_monitoring_configured in tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py
test_cli140g2_completion_validation,tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli140g2_completion_validation in tests/test_cli140g2_multi_function_routing.py
TestCLI140gAPIGatewayE2E,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py::TestCLI140gAPIGatewayE2E::test_api_gateway_health_check PASSED [ 33%]
test_api_gateway_health_check,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_gateway_health_check in tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py
test_api_gateway_auth_flow,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_gateway_auth_flow in tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py
test_api_gateway_document_save_flow,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_gateway_document_save_flow in tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py
test_api_gateway_vector_query_flow,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_gateway_vector_query_flow in tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py
test_api_gateway_rag_search_flow,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_gateway_rag_search_flow in tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py
test_api_gateway_cskh_endpoints,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_gateway_cskh_endpoints in tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py
test_api_gateway_latency_requirements,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_gateway_latency_requirements in tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py
test_api_gateway_error_handling,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_gateway_error_handling in tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py
test_api_gateway_architecture_distribution,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_gateway_architecture_distribution in tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py
test_cli140g_migration_completion,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140g_api_gateway_e2e.py::test_cli140g_migration_completion PASSED [ 33%]
TestCLI140hDockerOptimization,tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py::TestCLI140hDockerOptimization::test_optimized_dockerfile_exists PASSED [ 66%]
test_optimized_dockerfile_exists,tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_optimized_dockerfile_exists in tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py
test_runtime_requirements_optimization,tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_runtime_requirements_optimization in tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py
test_build_script_configuration,tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_build_script_configuration in tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py
test_dependency_reduction_calculation,tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_dependency_reduction_calculation in tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py
test_docker_security_configuration,tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_docker_security_configuration in tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py
test_cli140h_completion_summary,tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py::test_cli140h_completion_summary PASSED [ 66%]
TestCLI140m13Coverage,tests/test_cli140m13_coverage.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140m13_coverage.py::TestCLI140m13Coverage::test_cli140m13_basic_coverage PASSED [100%]
test_cli140h_optimization_complete,tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli140h_optimization_complete in tests/test_cli140h_docker_optimization.py
test_cli140m13_basic_coverage,tests/test_cli140m13_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli140m13_basic_coverage in tests/test_cli140m13_coverage.py
test_cli140m13_file_structure,tests/test_cli140m13_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli140m13_file_structure in tests/test_cli140m13_coverage.py
test_cli140m13_completion_marker,tests/test_cli140m13_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli140m13_completion_marker in tests/test_cli140m13_coverage.py
test_startup_event_initialization_errors,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_startup_event_initialization_errors in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_get_current_user_dependency_disabled_auth,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_get_current_user_dependency_disabled_auth in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_get_current_user_service_unavailable,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_get_current_user_service_unavailable in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_health_check_degraded_status,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_health_check_degraded_status in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_login_authentication_disabled,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_login_authentication_disabled in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_login_service_unavailable,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_login_service_unavailable in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_register_authentication_disabled,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_register_authentication_disabled in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_api_endpoints_with_authentication_errors,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_endpoints_with_authentication_errors in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_cache_operations_and_initialization,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cache_operations_and_initialization in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_rate_limiting_and_user_identification,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rate_limiting_and_user_identification in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_api_error_handling,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_api_error_handling in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_batch_query_auth,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_query_auth in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_startup_event_and_authentication_dependencies,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_startup_event_and_authentication_dependencies in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_authentication_endpoints_and_save_document_coverage,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_authentication_endpoints_and_save_document_coverage in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_query_vectors_endpoint_coverage,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_query_vectors_endpoint_coverage in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_search_documents_endpoint_coverage,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_documents_endpoint_coverage in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_rag_search_endpoint_coverage,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_endpoint_coverage in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_initialization_edge_cases,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_initialization_edge_cases in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_tenacity_fallback_decorators,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_tenacity_fallback_decorators in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_batch_metadata_edge_cases,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_metadata_edge_cases in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_filter_building_comprehensive,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_filter_building_comprehensive in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_rag_search_filter_combinations,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_filter_combinations in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_rag_search_empty_results_handling,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_empty_results_handling in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_rag_search_exception_handling,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_search_exception_handling in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_vectorize_document_openai_unavailable,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorize_document_openai_unavailable in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_vectorize_document_timeout_scenarios,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorize_document_timeout_scenarios in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_vectorize_document_embedding_failure,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorize_document_embedding_failure in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_vectorize_document_auto_tagging_failure,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorize_document_auto_tagging_failure in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_batch_operations_comprehensive,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_operations_comprehensive in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_batch_vectorize_empty_documents,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_vectorize_empty_documents in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_batch_vectorize_invalid_documents,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_vectorize_invalid_documents in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_update_vector_status_scenarios,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_update_vector_status_scenarios in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_filter_methods_edge_cases,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_filter_methods_edge_cases in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_hierarchy_path_building,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_hierarchy_path_building in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_filter_building_logic,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_filter_building_logic in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_batch_operation_processing,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_operation_processing in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_vectorization_error_handling,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorization_error_handling in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_search_query_processing,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_query_processing in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_initialization_validation,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_initialization_validation in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_search_result_formatting,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_result_formatting in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_search_error_logging,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_error_logging in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_result_pagination,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_result_pagination in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_search_result_processing,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_search_result_processing in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_error_logging_update_status,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_error_logging_update_status in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_vectorize_document_comprehensive,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorize_document_comprehensive in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_vectorize_document_timeout,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorize_document_timeout in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_vectorize_document_vector_upsert_failure,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_vectorize_document_vector_upsert_failure in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_batch_vectorize_documents_comprehensive,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_vectorize_documents_comprehensive in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_batch_vectorize_timeout_scenarios,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_vectorize_timeout_scenarios in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
TestCLI140m14DocumentIngestionCoverage,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py::TestCLI140m14DocumentIngestionCoverage::test_initialization_error_paths PASSED [100%]
test_batch_vectorize_large_batch,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_vectorize_large_batch in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_global_tool_functions,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_global_tool_functions in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_initialization_error_paths,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_initialization_error_paths in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_cache_operations_comprehensive,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cache_operations_comprehensive in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_disk_operations_comprehensive,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_disk_operations_comprehensive in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_performance_metrics_edge_cases,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_performance_metrics_edge_cases in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_error_handling_comprehensive,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_error_handling_comprehensive in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_batch_processing_edge_cases,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_processing_edge_cases in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_batch_ingestion_validation,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_batch_ingestion_validation in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
TestCLI140m14ValidationAndCompliance,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py::TestCLI140m14ValidationAndCompliance::test_cli140m14_coverage_validation PASSED [ 66%]
test_cache_cleanup_edge_cases,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cache_cleanup_edge_cases in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_cli140m14_coverage_validation,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli140m14_coverage_validation in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_cli140m14_objectives_summary,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli140m14_objectives_summary in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_document_ingestion_tool_real_coverage,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_document_ingestion_tool_real_coverage in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_coverage_and_pass_rate_validation,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_coverage_and_pass_rate_validation in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_document_ingestion_cache_and_hashing,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_document_ingestion_cache_and_hashing in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
TestCLI140m15Validation,tests/test_cli140m15_validation.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_cli140m15_validation.py::TestCLI140m15Validation::test_pass_rate_target_validation PASSED [ 66%]
test_document_ingestion_metadata_processing,tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_document_ingestion_metadata_processing in tests/test_cli140m14_coverage.py
test_pass_rate_target_validation,tests/test_cli140m15_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_pass_rate_target_validation in tests/test_cli140m15_validation.py
test_coverage_target_validation,tests/test_cli140m15_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_coverage_target_validation in tests/test_cli140m15_validation.py
test_deferred_tests_validation,tests/test_cli140m15_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_deferred_tests_validation in tests/test_cli140m15_validation.py
test_cli140m15_objectives_summary,tests/test_cli140m15_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli140m15_objectives_summary in tests/test_cli140m15_validation.py
test_cli140m15_completion_readiness,tests/test_cli140m15_validation.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cli140m15_completion_readiness in tests/test_cli140m15_validation.py
test_enforce_single_test_per_cli,tests/test_enforce_single_test.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_enforce_single_test.py::test_enforce_single_test_per_cli PASSED [ 33%]
test_cli_guide_documentation_exists,tests/test_enforce_single_test.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_enforce_single_test.py::test_cli_guide_documentation_exists PASSED [ 66%]
TestIntegrationAPI,tests/test_integration_api.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_integration_api.py::TestIntegrationAPI::test_comprehensive_api_coverage_integration PASSED [100%]
test_comprehensive_api_coverage_integration,tests/test_integration_api.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_comprehensive_api_coverage_integration in tests/test_integration_api.py
TestMCPIntegration,tests/test_mcp_integration.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_mcp_integration.py::TestMCPIntegration::test_subprocess_single_save PASSED [ 33%]
test_subprocess_single_save,tests/test_mcp_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_subprocess_single_save in tests/test_mcp_integration.py
test_subprocess_medium_scale,tests/test_mcp_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_subprocess_medium_scale in tests/test_mcp_integration.py
test_subprocess_mock_qdrant_environment,tests/test_mcp_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_subprocess_mock_qdrant_environment in tests/test_mcp_integration.py
test_subprocess_small_scale,tests/test_mcp_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_subprocess_small_scale in tests/test_mcp_integration.py
test_subprocess_real_api_calls,tests/test_mcp_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_subprocess_real_api_calls in tests/test_mcp_integration.py
test_timeout_retry_logic,tests/test_mcp_integration.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_timeout_retry_logic in tests/test_mcp_integration.py
TestNoDeferredSentinel,tests/test_no_deferred.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_no_deferred.py::TestNoDeferredSentinel::test_no_deferred_tests_in_main_suite PASSED [ 33%]
test_no_deferred_tests_in_main_suite,tests/test_no_deferred.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_no_deferred_tests_in_main_suite in tests/test_no_deferred.py
test_deferred_marker_functionality,tests/test_no_deferred.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_deferred_marker_functionality in tests/test_no_deferred.py
test_fast_test_execution_target,tests/test_no_deferred.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_fast_test_execution_target in tests/test_no_deferred.py
TestHybridQueryPerformance,tests/test_performance_hybrid_query.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_performance_hybrid_query.py::TestHybridQueryPerformance::test_hybrid_query_latency_8_documents PASSED [ 33%]
test_hybrid_query_latency_8_documents,tests/test_performance_hybrid_query.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_hybrid_query_latency_8_documents in tests/test_performance_hybrid_query.py
test_hybrid_query_latency_50_documents,tests/test_performance_hybrid_query.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_hybrid_query_latency_50_documents in tests/test_performance_hybrid_query.py
test_cache_key_generation_performance,tests/test_performance_hybrid_query.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cache_key_generation_performance in tests/test_performance_hybrid_query.py
test_timeout_fake,tests/test_timeout_fake.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_timeout_fake.py::test_timeout_fake PASSED                     [ 50%]
test_quick_pass,tests/test_timeout_fake.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_timeout_fake.py::test_quick_pass PASSED                       [ 66%]
test_quick_fail,tests/test_timeout_fake.py,PASSED,N/A,tests/test_timeout_fake.py::test_quick_fail PASSED                       [ 83%]
test_skipped_fake,tests/test_timeout_fake.py,SKIPPED,Testing skip ...,tests/test_timeout_fake.py::test_skipped_fake SKIPPED (Testing skip ...) [100%]
test_cache_operations_performance,tests/test_performance_hybrid_query.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_cache_operations_performance in tests/test_performance_hybrid_query.py
test_rag_caching_effectiveness,tests/test_performance_hybrid_query.py,UNKNOWN,No result found in output,UNKNOWN: test_rag_caching_effectiveness in tests/test_performance_hybrid_query.py
